Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[♪ upbeat music playing]
- [switches clicking]
- [people chattering]
[train announcer
speaking Japanese on PA]
Doors closing. Please watch your step.
[whimpers]
[sighs]
[in Japanese] You were amazing.
Thank you.
[in English] Hey. Rick.
Hi. I made it.
- [♪ music continues]
- Phillip.
- [in Japanese] Ah. Phillip.
- Yes.
We have one more.
- Okay.
- Please come in.
Good morning! I'm Phillip Vanderploeg.
- Nice to meet you.
- Okay.
[in English] The culprit is here.
We must capture it.
That is our challenge.
- Thank you very much!
- Okay. thanks.
[bell ringing]
[in English] How did you know?
Your face.
[exhales]
[bell chimes]
[train announcer
speaking Japanese]
[clears throat]
[sighs]
[door creaks]
[switch clicks]
[glasses clink]
RENTAL FAMILY
[phone buzzing. ringing]
[clears throat]
- [line clicks]
- [clears throat] Yeah?
[person] I hope you have
a clean black suit.
Morning. Sonia.
[Sonia] I got you a gig today
at 10:00 a.m. in Saitama.
I know it's kinda far.
but can you make it?
[Phillip] Of course.
What's the production?
They didn't give us too many details.
but pays pretty well.
- What's my role?
- Sad American.
[in Japanese] Good morning.
I'm Phillip from EZ Talent...
Please find a seat.
[host] ...to honor the life of Mr. Daito.
We express our deepest condolences.
Mr. Daito. we will
never forget your radiance.
A message from
the Osaka Hiranonishi
Junior High School.
9th grade. class A.
Now. Mr. Daito's friend.
Miss Nakajima.
would like to share
a few parting words.
Yū-kun...
I was so in love with you.
I miss your warm embrace.
The way you held my hand
on the way home from school.
You took me everywhere
on your bicycle.
We had our first kiss at sunset
in the schoolyard.
- [creaking]
- [gasps. in English] The fuck?
[Miss Nakajima sobs]
I'll never. ever forget
these memories with you!
Thank you for being born!
[sobs]
Why did you have to
leave us so soon?!
[host] Thank you very much for
your heart-warming message.
The time has come for us to share
our final goodbye with Mr. Daito.
Everyone. please come forward.
[rings]
[♪ singing in Japanese]
[speaking Japanese]
[mourner] I'm sorry for your loss.
You even prepared this outfit for me.
Thank you so much!
I've never felt this way before...
How can I put it?
I finally feel like I deserve to exist.
Thank you so much!
It is our pleasure to be of service.
May I show you to the dressing room?
We have some snacks for you.
[Mr. Daito] Thank you.
[Miss Nakajima] Please take your time.
I'm so happy to be alive.
Glad to hear.
[♪ soft music plays]
[inhales deeply]
[door opens]
[exhales deeply]
You know we cremate bodies in Japan?
- Guess that means no zombies.
- Nope.
[in Japanese]
But I'll have to dock your pay
for being late
and disrupting the service.
You noticed?
Everyone did.
[in English]
Anyway. you've got 15 minutes.
Until what?
The next guest will arrive.
And he won't be getting up.
[in Japanese] Good job today!
See you next time!
Excuse me!
Was the whole thing fake?
I'm in a hurry. do you mind?
[in English] Nothing about that was fake.
Especially to Mr. Daito.
The man in the box.
Well. what would you call it. then?
[in Japanese]
A "Specialized Performance".
[chuckles]
How long have you been in Japan?
Seven years.
You can live here
a hundred years and still
be left with more questions
than answers.
[in English] You know?
[in Japanese] Why don't you
come by our office sometime.
[in English] I might be able
to use you for something
more than a sad American.
All right.
"Providing Perfect Happiness"
RENTAL FAMILY
Shinji Tada
[♪ quirky music plays]
- [latch clicks]
- [doorbell rings]
[knocking]
[Miss Nakajima in Japanese]
Please come in.
A housewife in her 50's
costs 8.000 yen per hour.
Welcome.
An elderly woman
in their 70's would be...
7.000 yen per hour. including tax.
The price for a teenage daughter is
18.000 yen for the first 2 hours.
For a minor. our accompaniment
will be mandatory.
We appreciate your understanding.
Give us a call if you need anything.
Thank you!
I knew you would come.
[both chuckle]
- Kota. coffee please.
- [Kota] Okay.
Glad you came by. Please take a seat.
[sighs]
[in English]
So what do you think we do?
You. if I have to guess...
you. um...
you sell people.
[both chuckle]
- [Tada] No.
- No.
We sell emotion.
Oh.
How?
[Tada] We play roles
in the clients' lives.
Thanks.
But... [stammers]
...you can't just.
you know.
replace someone in your life.
Yes and no.
But people are willing
to take a leap.
The actor. the surrogate.
You don't have to be
that person.
You just have to help clients
connect to what's missing.
- Like what?
- [Tada] Well.
could be anybody
from their life.
Or a feeling they once had.
Parents. siblings. boyfriends.
girlfriends. best friends.
We play it all.
Well. they could just
get a therapist.
It's not that easy here.
Mental health issues are
stigmatized in this country.
So people have to turn
to other things.
- Like us.
- [sighs]
Well. what do you need me for?
We need a token white guy.
- It's a niche market.
- [sighs]
And I need someone
to fill the role.
Just token white guy.
Um. I'm... I'm just an actor.
I don't know how to help people.
But you know how to perform.
I've seen the résumé.
Look. what I'm offering here
is a chance to play roles
with real meaning.
[sighs]
[in Japanese] I'm sorry.
This isn't for me.
[in English] Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it. It was nice...
Nice meeting you.
[in Japanese] I really loved
your Toothpaste Commercial.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
We're home.
Eh?
Huh?
What should we do?!
Don't worry!
Who are you?
Swish!
Scrub!
Remove plaque!
Prevent cavities with fluoride!
Perfectly Antibacterial!
Lasting prevention!
Sparkle! Shine!
Tighten Gums!
Clear Bright!
So long!
[♪ triumphant music plays]
Thank you!
Clear Bright!
[bell dings]
[shouts]
I knew I'd seen you before!
"Sparkle! Shine!
Tighten Gums! Clear Bright!"
"So long!"
I remember that!
- Nice to meet you.
- How you doing?
- I like this commercial.
- Thanks.
[in English]
How long ago was that?
Seven years?
That's what brought you
to Japan. right?
Well. I'm sure you have plenty
of acting gigs to go back to.
Or you can give this a try.
[♪ gentle music plays]
[Miss Nakajima in Japanese]
Let's do a final review.
Fifty total guests.
We will provide all the attendees
except for your parents
and extended family.
Once your parents meet the groom.
we'll hold the ceremony and reception.
Following the wedding.
the two of you
will move to Canada. Correct?
- Yes.
- [Phillip] Excuse me.
why Canada?
[in English]
Because you are Canadian
and you got a job at home.
Here. Your name is
Brian Callahan.
- Okay.
- [chuckles]
[in Japanese] Sorry about that.
The ceremony will be...
One more thing.
[in English] Are you sure
that I'm not too old for you?
No.
An older man feels
a little more responsible.
How are your parents
taking all of this?
[in Japanese] My parents...
they're very surprised.
But...
also very happy.
We've managed weddings
like yours before.
You're in good hands.
Yes.
[in English] Thank you
for doing this for me.
Of course.
[Phillip in English] Can't
she just leave her family?
[Miss Nakajima]
She can't. She loves them.
What about the truth?
[Miss Nakajima]
Well. sometimes the story
we tell ourselves
becomes the truth.
To her parents.
you are her husband.
Memorize everything
in the folder.
Every word. Every detail.
- Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay.
[in Japanese] Good night.
[♪ calming music playing]
[sighs]
[Tada] Good morning.
Good luck today! You were
incredible the other day.
Have a good time!
Don't drink too much. though.
Take lots of pictures.
[Kota] I'll go get the groom now.
- Ready?
- All set.
Brian. may I come in?
Are you ready to...
Huh?
We're honored to host you
for such a wonderful occasion.
We're very grateful. Thank you.
Yoshie-san. are you ready?
[knocking]
[Kota] Excuse me...
Congratulations on this special day.
May I speak with you?
Please excuse us.
See you shortly.
- What is it?
- Aiko-san. he's gone.
Wasn't he in the waiting room?
No. I can't find him anywhere!
I'm so sorry.
[♪ tense music playing]
- Excuse us.
- Good to see you.
What's going on?
Phillip is gone.
What?
I'm sorry.
Congratulations!
Did you call him?
Straight to voicemail.
Congratulations!
- What time is it?
- Ten til.
Oh. the father of the bride!
- Thank you for everything.
- Congratulations!
- Thank you.
- See you soon.
Kota. check upstairs.
You go downstairs.
I'll check the 1st floor.
[Kota speaking Japanese]
Excuse me.
Did anyone see a big American?
Sorry.
Hello.
[breathing heavily]
Brian?
Pardon me.
- [in English] Brian?
- [Phillip] Shit.
Phillip?
What's going on?
Nothing. Just...
I need a moment.
How long's a moment?
[stammers] A moment. you know?
A moment.
We need you downstairs now.
Aiko. listen. I'm sorry.
I can't go through with this.
Listen.
All you have to do is sip sake.
That's it.
No. It's... It's a lie.
I'm messing with people's lives.
[grunts]
- You cannot do this to me.
- [banging]
[thudding. scraping]
- Hey.
- What are you doing?
This is not a lie.
It's an opportunity.
The parents get
the memory they want.
The bride gets her freedom.
If you don't go through with
this. you will ruin her life.
Do you understand?
- [sighs]
- Get out.
[sighs]
- [Aiko] Phillip.
- [knocking on door]
[Aiko] Come on!
Go. Go.
[exhales]
[flute playing]
[priest in Japanese]
With utmost reverence.
we humbly offer our words
before the great presence of
Ōkuninushi.
the Great Lord of the Country.
The groom. Brian Callahan.
and the bride. Yoshie Ikeda.
pledge themselves to one another
through the ritual sharing of sake cups.
uniting as husband and wife.
[Phillip. Yoshie in Japanese]
We swear to
always support each other.
respect one another.
and love each other unconditionally
to build a happy family.
Husband. Brian Callahan.
Wife. Yoshie.
[photographer in Japanese] Say cheese!
Congratulations to you both!
Thank you.
[in English]
Welcome to our family. Brian.
[in Japanese] Thank you. father.
[all chuckling]
[Phillip] That was
a beautiful wedding.
[Yoshie] Yes.
Nice room.
Very.
[doorbell dings]
I got it.
[door opens]
[Phillip speaking in Japanese]
[Yoshie in Japanese] Jun-chan!
I promise I'll make you happy.
[sobbing]
[Yoshie] Phillip?
[in Japanese] Thank you.
Congratulations.
[in Japanese] Thank you so much.
[muffled chattering. giggling]
[enchanting music playing]
[Phillip]
I got married today. Lola.
[Lola in Japanese] Married?!
No way! Congratulations! [chuckling]
[in English]
No. it was for work.
[in Japanese] Oh. for work.
And?
How did you feel?
[in English] Well. it was...
It was terrifying
and exhilarating.
And I haven't felt something
like that in a long time.
And I know that it was fake.
but there were moments
that it felt real.
[in Japanese] We're alike. aren't we?
I help people physically.
and you help people emotionally.
But you're just
a little more personal.
[alarm beeping]
[English] Already?
- Hmm.
- [beeping stops]
I give you ten more minutes.
It's your wedding night.
[chuckles]
[in Japanese]
I'm so sorry about yesterday.
[Tada] That was pretty bad.
Luckily. the client
is satisfied so we're okay.
[in English]
But if you wanna keep this job.
I need to know that you're
committed moving forward.
No more hiding in bathrooms.
That won't happen again.
I am. I promise.
[in Japanese] Alright then.
I need you to play a father.
- Huh?
- A father?
There's no way he can
handle a role like that!
Aiko.
Why don't you get some air.
I'll get going too.
[in English] Later.
[door closes]
This girl needs a father
in order to transfer
to a private school.
You can't be a single mother?
She's been denied once.
and her mother
doesn't wanna risk it again.
Oh. I get it.
So I just play her dad
for the interview?
Actually. no.
The mother thinks
it'll be better
if her daughter believes
you're her real father.
Why?
Well. she's been
feeling down. lately.
And her mother's hoping
that meeting her father
would give her
the confidence she needs.
Also. the mother
doesn't want her daughter
to have to pretend
during the interview.
So. your relationship with her
has to feel authentic.
Listen. I didn't grow up
with a father.
so I don't really know
how to be one.
Now is your chance.
How long is the commitment?
Well. you will meet with her
regularly.
At least up till the test.
which is in three weeks.
So. you need to
get to know her right away.
What if she finds out?
She can't.
You have to trust yourself.
[in Japanese] Welcome.
[in English] Hey.
Can you give me
just five minutes?
Why?
Come on. Please.
Can I get you
something to drink?
Nope.
[in Japanese] Beer and ramen please.
Coming right up!
[in English]
You knew the situation.
You knew we were
her last option.
and you still nearly backed out.
- But I didn't.
- But you would have.
See. you're just a...
[speaking in Japanese]
You will never understand
how things work here.
You're right.
I am... [speaking in Japanese]
But Japan is my home now. And
I want to try to understand.
[in Japanese] Here you go.
[in English]
Why do you do this?
- What?
- This job.
You're so passionate
about it. Why?
[Aiko] It's the way
these people look at you.
Like they've been waiting
for you their whole lives.
Despite everything Tada says.
these people stay with you.
Sometimes all we need
is someone to look us in the eye
and remind us we exist.
[in Japanese] I'm on my way home.
TADA
[in Japanese] I'm back.
Welcome home.
Smells great.
It'll be ready soon.
Are you hungry?
Yeah.
How was the game?
[cheering on TV]
Do you want a beer?
Sure.
How was the soccer game?
We lost because of me.
What happened?
I missed a penalty kick.
Don't beat yourself up.
You'll do better next time.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's eat!
Who wants a big plate?
Me!
Extra large for me!
[Phillip in English]
Hello there. Mia.
My name is Kevin.
I'm your father.
Hi. Mia. I'm your father.
No. that's way too formal.
Hi. Mia. You've grown so much.
Look how big you are.
I'm Kevin. I'm your father.
I missed you.
Hitomi-san.
Hi. Thank you for coming.
Please take this.
It's a backpack.
She's been begging me for it.
Perfect.
So. she doesn't know
she's meeting you today.
Oh.
She wouldn't have come
otherwise.
Okay. no problem.
Thank you.
Mia.
[in Japanese] There's
somebody I want you to meet.
Who is he?
Kevin.
He's...
Your father.
Hello. Mia.
Here. Look.
I got you something.
I hope you like it.
[in Japanese] What do we say?
- [in English] I hate it!
- Mia!
You can't bribe me.
I'm sorry that
you feel that way. Mia.
And I know
that I have not been here...
Mia!
Hey. Mia!
Stop following me!
I know her! Hey.
Go away.
[panting] Wait up.
Please. stop. I can explain.
Did you think
you can just show up?
Your mom said that you need me
to get you into school.
That's the only reason
why you're here?
No. no. no. It's not.
I've been wanting to see you.
and there hasn't been a moment
when I haven't thought about you.
Why did you leave us. then?
Because I was stupid.
And I can see.
you're very angry with me.
And you probably
shouldn't forgive me.
but I'm here now.
[panting] Mia.
[in Japanese] Do we need him
to get in to school?
[in English] Yes. We need him.
Let me be some use to you.
Fine.
But lock it and swear
you'll never leave us again.
Okay.
I... I swear.
[singsongy. in Japanese]
Pinky swear. pinky swear.
if you lie. I'll make you
swallow a thousand needles
and you'll DIE.
Mom. let's go.
[in English] Sorry.
[employee. in Japanese]
Please forgive me!
I'm... [sobbing]
I'm garbage.
Less than a cockroach.
a disgrace to the company!
Please forgive me!
[Tada] You know what you are?
You're an insult to cockroaches!
That's absolutely true.
If cockroaches are up here.
I'm way down here.
Why are you laughing.
you piece of shit!
Please wait...
Um... actually. there's more...
What?!
I embezzled from our employee...
retirement funds!
You goddamn cockroach!
I'm sorry!
Please accept my apologies!
[phone ringing]
I'm the worst.
Apologize to every person in here!
I'll do whatever you say!
[in English]
How's it going. dad?
She hates me.
That's what being a parent is.
[Phillip] No. I am serious.
She hates me.
[Tada] She doesn't hate you.
She hates
the man you're playing.
Listen to what they want.
and feed them what they need.
You're just acting.
Acting. I know. Just acting.
[in Japanese] Stop crying you little shit!
Scold me more!
[Tada] Anyway.
I've got a new client for you.
You know the actor.
Kikuo Hasegawa?
Of course.
[Tada] Well.
he thinks he's been forgotten.
So his daughter wants
someone to interview him
to honor his legacy.
[Ogawa. in Japanese] Yes?
Hello. my name is John Conway.
I'm here to interview
Mr. Kikuo Hasegawa.
[Ogawa] Please wait a moment.
Have you seen
Mr. Hasegawa's films?
Of course.
and I've read his books.
By the way. no matter what you say.
don't bring up "Ronin of Hiroshima".
- Why?
- Trust me on this one.
The journalist is here.
[jazz music playing]
[Ogawa] Good luck.
Wow.
[Kikuo in Japanese] Are you a thief?
No. I'm just a writer.
All writers are thieves.
Nice to meet you.
I'm John Conway
from Vivid Frame Magazine.
Never heard of it.
[in English] This is a really
impressive collection.
Classic. Mingus.
"Myself When I am Real"?
Do you play?
No. I don't. unfortunately.
Um...
But I admire.
My father. he. uh.
he played bass.
[in Japanese] Improvisation...
chord changes.
flow.
Jazz is all about adapting.
[in English] Never thought
of it that way before.
[chuckling]
Let's get
some air.
Okay. let's do that.
What do you want to know?
Everything.
There's nobody like you.
[in Japanese] Dad!
Hold on...
Hello.
Don't you want your sandals?
I don't need them.
Did you take your medicine?
Meet this journalist.
John Conway. nice to meet you.
Thank you for coming today.
Let me know
if there's anything I can do.
Okay.
I'll see you later. Dad.
[in English]
You can record my voice.
but please. no video.
[in Japanese] Okay.
[sighs]
- [in English] Hi. Mia.
- Thank you for being here.
Mia.
Sorry.
I should be done by 1:00 p.m.
All right.
[teacher in Japanese]
Today. we'll be making
animals out of recycled items.
These animals can be real
or imaginary.
What's most important
is that they are created
from your imagination.
Parents. please help your children.
[in English]
So what are we gonna make?
[Mia in Japanese] Come join us.
Let's make it together.
You sure?
[in English]
Can you be his dad too?
[chuckles] Of course.
[in Japanese] What shall we make?
Shark-topus.
[in English]
What... What is that?
[in Japanese]
A shark and octopus combined!
[in English] Okay.
Well. you're
gonna have to show me how.
[in Japanese] He wants you
to teach him how to make it.
Let's go!
Come on. slowpoke!
[♪ calm music playing]
[in English]
Thanks for helping Shion.
[in Japanese] Here.
[door closes]
[exhales]
[groans]
[Tada on phone. in English]
Meet me at the karaoke box.
You're going to be
a cheerleader today.
["Nagisa No Sindbad" playing]
[cheering]
[vocalizing]
[Phillip] I love video games.
Yeah. count me in.
[creaks]
Nice room.
[music continues]
One more time.
[horn honks]
[in Japanese] "To the grave...
I will follow you!"
Was that "Ronin of Hiroshima"?!
I'm just happy I get to see you.
Want me to read your palm?
Something fun is headed your way!
[both laughing]
[grunting]
[Phillip chuckles] Yeah!
Kaori-san.
Nice to meet you!
[in English] Right this way.
[baby gurgling]
[giggles]
My name is Takashi.
Hello. How are you?
Good to meet you.
[in Japanese] See ya later!
[in English]
Did you trim your beard?
It looks good. man.
[music ends]
- [♪ calming music plays]
- [bird chirps]
[frogs croaking]
[water lapping]
Wow!
Well. this is amazing.
It's cool.
But it's fake.
But isn't it real
to the person who made it?
You know. sometimes
it's okay to pretend.
[phone ringing]
I gotta take a quick call.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
- [Phillip] Hello?
- [Sonia] Hey!
So. you remember
the detective series
you auditioned for last month?
- You got the part.
- Really?
- Congratulations. Phillip.
- Wow.
They're shooting in Korea
and want you there right away.
I am so happy for you.
Well deserved.
[stammers]
It's good. It's great.
Oh. I have a really good
feeling about this one.
Hello?
Hey. listen. um...
I'm gonna have to go.
Let me get back to you.
All right?
Call me back soon.
There you are.
[♪ enchanting music playing]
[Masami in Japanese] You said
you're done acting in theater!
What's gotten into you?
[Kikuo] I just want to act again!
Give them a few more minutes.
[Masami] What if
you forget your lines again?
[Kikuo] Enough!
[Masami] It's for your own good. Dad!
[Kikuo] Just go home! Leave!
[Masami] Fine! Do whatever you want!
[exhales]
Ogawa-kun.
[Ogawa] Yes.
Call a cab.
[Ogawa] But Masami-san
said not to go out...
[Kikuo] Just do it.
[in English] Are you coming?
Yeah.
[food sizzling]
[sizzling]
[Kikuo humming]
[Phillip chuckles]
[Kikuo in Japanese] Here you go.
[Phillip] Thank you.
[Kikuo] Is it good?
[in English]
Heaven on your tongue.
[chuckles]
[speaking Japanese]
Use this.
- [in English] You try.
- [Phillip chuckles]
- [hisses]
- [chuckles]
That's good.
[in Japanese] Don't you want
to ask me something?
[in English] Is everything
all right with your daughter?
[in Japanese] Do you know.
what Masami used to call me
when she was young?
[in English]
"The man on the screen."
[chuckles]
Do you regret it?
Not at the time.
Do you have any children?
I have a daughter.
[in Japanese] Are you close?
[in English] No.
No. But I would like to be.
Mmm.
[in Japanese] While she's young...
make sure to spend time with her.
Where are you going?
- Are you my mother?
- [Phillip] No.
To take a piss.
Excuse me!
[server] Here's your beer.
Thank you.
[vehicles passing]
[siren blaring in distance]
[in English] Oh. shit.
Kikuo-san. Kikuo-san!
Hey. hey! Stop. stop. stop!
- Kikuo-san!
- [horn honks]
Hey. where are you going?
[in Japanese] Well I'm...
Going that way.
I was just headed...
[in English]
Listen. It's me. It's John.
We were eating together.
And I'm writing a story
about you.
Yeah. I think it's time
to go home.
[in Japanese] Home.
[in English] Yeah.
We're gonna go in here
and get your shoes. All right?
[door opens]
How is he?
He's resting now.
[Masami] Thank god...
I'm sorry to trouble you.
I'll be off. then.
[Masami] Excuse me.
I really appreciate what you're doing.
But please don't do
any more favors for him.
If this happens again...
he's the one that will get hurt.
[sighs]
[♪ upbeat drums playing]
[people chattering]
[in English] I can't hear you.
[both purring. meowing]
[Mia] So. what do you do?
I'm a computer engineer.
What's your nationality?
American.
My great-grandparents were
from Ireland.
I'm part Irish?
Yes. that's right.
[chuckles] You are.
[Mia] Wow. that's cool.
Where were you born?
Sit.
Let's say this is. um.
Japan right here.
And. over here. way over here.
this is America.
Sort of like that.
And right in the middle
is a place called...
Minnesota.
Is that
where my grandparents live?
Uh. no. My mom did.
My dad wasn't around that much.
Do you talk to them?
No. They're gone now.
Do you have anyone left?
I have you now.
I have an idea.
Type in your number.
- Okay.
- Here. Here.
Okay...
[phone chimes]
♪ Meow meow meow! ♪
[chuckles]
Now. I can message you.
And you won't feel alone.
I'll race you to the sweet shop.
[♪ traditional music playing]
[Lola in Japanese] Would you
like to know your fortune?
[meows]
- [Mia] Can I?
- [Phillip] Sure.
[in English] Oh.
Wow.
- [Lola] Hi.
- Hi.
[in Japanese]
Do you guys know each other?
We used to work together.
Did you work in computers. too?
I was in...
customer service.
[in English] Yes.
[in Japanese]
But I'm a fortune teller today!
Let me see your palm.
Mmm!
[Lola] What's your name?
Mia.
What a pretty name!
I'm Natsumi.
[chuckles]
Let's see...
You're rebellious. aren't you?
[chuckles. in English]
You got that right.
[in Japanese] And very creative.
but something is holding you back.
Really?
Don't be afraid.
and follow your heart.
Okay?
Okay.
[in English]
Well. what do I owe you?
For you. it's on the house.
No. No. I...
I owe you. Natsumi.
[chuckles] Whoa.
[in Japanese] Bye Natsumi.
thanks!
- [in English] Bye.
- [Phillip] Bye.
[humming]
[chuckles]
Yeah.
[Phillip. Mia giggling]
[♪ calming music playing]
[door opens]
[switch clicks]
[Phillip] "Do not open
until you get home."
- [line ringing]
- [Phillip] Hey. Sonia.
[Sonia on phone]
Hey. I was about to call you.
Listen. I... I'm gonna pass.
What? Why?
You're joking. right?
No. I'm not.
[Sonia] I don't understand.
You told me
this is what you wanted.
I know. Please tell them
that I'm very grateful.
but I made a promise to someone
and I need to keep it.
[Sonia] Phillip. you know.
this could literally
change your career.
I... I can't do it.
[Sonia] Are you sure?
I mean. you've waited
so long for this.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for everything
that you've done.
We'll talk soon.
[exhales]
[♪ piano playing]
[phone rings]
[chuckles]
I'm... That's... I got it...
[audience clapping]
Hi. Mia.
I don't wanna take the test.
No. it... Your mom says that
it's one of the best schools
in Japan.
What if I get bullied?
Well. then I will put you
in karate classes. Hi-yah!
Okay. listen.
you're gonna be great.
You're almost at the end.
and I just know
you're gonna impress everyone.
- I hope so.
- You will.
I believe in you. Mia.
Thank you. See you soon.
[in Japanese] Who were you talking to?
Dad.
Kevin?
Yeah.
When did you guys
start talking on the phone?
The Monster Cat Festival.
Really.
Yeah.
Mia. listen...
I don't want you to get too close to him.
Why?
What if he leaves again?
Why would you say that?
I just don't want you to get hurt.
Please don't call him anymore.
Dad listens to me.
I listen to you too!
You just tell me what to do!
Forget it...
I need to study. Please go.
- [in English] Shall I?
- Sure.
Okay. there should be three
to five teachers
at the interview.
When you speak. hold eye contact
for no more than five seconds.
And our answers?
Short and to the point.
- Should we hold hands?
- No.
You can show some emotion.
but don't become emotional.
[in Japanese] First question.
[in English] Yeah.
If they ask me.
[in Japanese]
"What are your expectations
for your child's education
at our school?"
[in English] I answer.
[in Japanese] I have none.
[in English]
That's it? I just say nothing?
Yes.
The school
does not want pressure
from the parents.
Yeah. but it's your child.
How long is she gonna be
going to school there for?
Through high school for now.
but she could go
to their university
if she does well.
Is it normal to determine
a child's future so early?
I'm sorry. but I didn't hire you
to lecture me
on how to raise my child.
I'm not trying to interfere.
Then why are you talking
with her on the phone?
Sending her messages?
I'm just trying to help.
This kid just wants
to talk to her dad.
You are not her father.
I know.
- [bell chimes]
- [clap]
Do you pray?
Not since I was 15.
What happened?
I turned 16.
A little too early
to give it up.
[in Japanese] Did I offend you?
No.
No. I just...
I have these memories
of being made
to go to church. and...
I never saw the point.
[speaking Japanese]
[in English] "When in Rome.
do as Romans do."
Mmm.
But I also think it means
becoming more than yourself.
Hey. um. what is in there?
[in Japanese]
Why don't you go take a look?
[in English]
Maybe another time.
[in Japanese]
I have a favor to ask you.
What's that?
I would like you to take me
to my home town.
[in English] In Amakusa.
Why?
I left something behind.
And can't Masami go
and get it for you?
Masami cannot know
that we are going.
Why not?
Sometimes.
all a man has are his secrets.
[in Japanese] Anyway.
I need to go there now.
Before my memory fades away.
[♪ wistful music plays]
[husband gasps]
Please forgive me.
I'll never see your husband again.
Wait! Hey!
That will be extra.
What?
Twenty-thousand yen.
Twenty-thousand?!
Sorry about that.
And the check?
[♪ melancholy music plays]
[in English] Hey. it's me.
[in Japanese] Welcome back.
[in English] Wow.
How many clients have you had?
Seven or maybe eight hundred.
And you just keep 'em all?
Yeah. As a reminder
of how many people need
our help.
[in Japanese] Getting used to the job?
[in English]
It's growing on me.
You're good at it.
Thank you.
It hasn't gotten too personal?
No.
I don't think so.
Well. the little girl's
mother called.
Yeah?
She wants the next session
to be your last.
What?
Why?
She's getting
a little too attached.
What am I supposed to tell her?
That you have to go back
to the States.
That you will miss her.
Just like that?
That's how this business works.
All relationships have to end.
Then what?
We move on.
There's always someone new.
You'll get used to it.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
[bell chimes]
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
[in Japanese] From Shin-Yokohama...
All the way to Hakata... Hmm...
[Phillip in English] Hello.
Hey. John.
What's all this?
[in Japanese] Planning our jailbreak.
We go from Shin-Yokohama...
all the way through Osaka.
Okayama. Hiroshima.
Nagasaki. and...
[in English]
Hey. listen. I can't take you.
Sure you can.
What if something happens
to you?
Aren't you a writer?
I am.
Then how can you write my story
if you don't start
at the beginning?
Your daughter wants you to stay.
[in Japanese] Fine.
You can leave.
Understood.
[in English] I'll...
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- No.
[in Japanese] We're done here.
Just leave!
[♪ wistful music plays]
Tokyo
Aoyama Gakuen Primary School
[chattering]
[in English]
Did you study the notes?
Got it.
Do you have any questions?
I'm good.
Okay.
Mia. are you okay?
[instructor in Japanese]
Please step forward
when your name is called.
- I think so.
- Hey. [psst] You got this.
You're gonna do great.
[instructor and children
speaking Japanese]
[speaking Japanese]
[instructor and children
speaking Japanese continues]
Is Mia part of any after
school programs or clubs?
Yes.
She's been in cram school
since she was five.
and she's fluent in English.
Anything else?
She's an incredible artist.
[in English] Kevin.
No. look. just...
See?
- She's very talented.
- Right?
- Thank you.
- Okay.
[in Japanese] Next.
let's talk about principles.
What is the most important
value in your family?
- To always communicate.
- To be honest.
[in English] Okay.
- Which one is it?
- Honest communication.
Sorry. Americans.
we talk before we think.
[in Japanese] We tell
our daughter to communicate
clearly and share
her honest opinion.
[in English] Mia has a lot
of individual personality.
Do you think she will
get along with other students?
Individual personality?
We want our students
to excel on their own.
but we need to know
they can work with others.
She has plenty of friends
at her current school.
And she's very thoughtful.
She asked me to be a father
to a little boy
whose parents didn't come
to the class visitations.
[in Japanese] Lastly.
what are your expectations
of our school?
We still have so much to learn
as a family.
so we trust
you'll make the best choices for us.
[in English] Yes.
and if you should choose
to accept our daughter.
please be there for her.
She needs to dream big.
and she needs to be unafraid.
She makes me a better person
every day.
And I'm sure that
she will make this
a better school.
Okay. thank you.
[in Japanese]
Thank you very much.
[Mia humming]
[♪ melancholy music plays]
[in English] Thank you.
Can we have dinner together?
Mia. he can't.
Why?
I have to go back to America.
For how long?
A year. maybe longer.
But you just got here.
I know.
You work from here?
My friend's dad works from home.
I can't.
They need me there.
You'll be back. right?
I want you to know
how proud I am of you.
I'm gonna need you
to be strong for your mom.
Can you do that?
I'll miss you. Dad.
Mia?
[in Japanese] Let's go.
[in English]
Take care. Hitomi.
I'm really gonna miss that kid.
Her mom did
what she thought was best.
[piano playing]
Yeah.
Would you ever use our service?
- You mean hire someone?
- Mm-hmm.
Never thought of that.
Well. if you could hire someone
to play someone in your life.
who would that be?
- You're being serious?
- [chuckles] Yeah.
My mom.
Why?
Because she never judged me.
And it would be nice
to feel that again.
Who would you choose?
Me?
- I don't know.
- Come on. don't give me that.
I don't.
Well. at least tell me
what happened here.
Were you in an underground
Tokyo fight club?
I wish. I mean...
Angry housewife.
It was for a job?
You tell Tada?
Yeah.
It comes with the territory.
You know apologies are
our most popular service.
I'm probably the last person
you should ask for advice from.
But if you ever need someone
to talk to...
Thanks.
[♪ melancholy music plays]
[sighs]
[♪ suspenseful music playing.
"Glass. Concrete Stone"]
[whispering]
Kikuo-san. psst. hey.
Kikuo-san. wake up.
- John.
- You ready?
For what?
Jailbreak.
Yeah. Here.
Put this on.
What is this?
It's your disguise. Go ahead.
Terrible.
I choose my own costume.
♪ Now. I'm wakin'
At the crack of dawn ♪
♪ To send
A little money home ♪
♪ From here to the moon ♪
♪ Is risin' like
A discotheque ♪
To Shin-Yokohama station.
Go!
♪ Lookin' at happiness ♪
♪ Keepin' my flavor fresh ♪
♪ Nobody knows I guess... ♪
Shimabara Railway
Isahaya Station Platform
(For Unzen - Shimabara)
[song continues]
♪ Leavin' at six o'clock
Meet in a parkin' lot ♪
♪ Harriet Hendershot ♪
♪ Sunglasses on
She waits by this ♪
♪ Glass and concrete
And stone ♪
♪ It is just a house... ♪
...7. 8. 9. 10
[exclaims]
Hmm.
[both exclaim]
Found you!
My turn!
Isn't that your dad?
Huh?
[speaking in Japanese]
[♪ sentimental music playing]
Kikuo-san.
[music continues]
[Philip voicemail message]
Please leave me a message.
DAD
[music continues]
[both speaking in Japanese]
[♪ ethereal music playing]
[music fades]
Japan has more gods
than vending machines.
Have you heard the idea
of "Eight Million Gods"?
No.
The Sun.
the land.
the forest.
the ocean.
It means God exists
in all things.
God exists...
within us. too.
[Kikuo chuckles]
[Hitomi] Hello?
Yes. speaking.
...Really?
Thank you so much!!
Yes.
I understand.
Okay. Thank you!
Bye.
Mia!
You got into the school!
Congratulations!
I'm so proud!
You worked so hard!
Is Kevin...
really my dad?
What do you want to eat tonight?
Let's celebrate!
How about the restaurant
you liked last time?
If they're open...
Mom.
Who is this?
[speaking Japanese]
[sighs]
[Kikuo] There it is...
[both laugh]
[♪ sentimental music playing]
[Kikuo] Every time traveling
actors came to town.
I'd learn their plays
and perform for my family.
Now that I think about it.
maybe this place
was my first stage.
[chuckles]
Cheers!
[laughs]
Thank you...
...for bringing me home.
Kikuo-san.
Kikuo-san!
[distant] Kikuo-san!
How have you been?
What are you doing?
Okay. It's okay.
What is...
Who is she?
My life...
before... my life.
I had moved...
to Tokyo. alone.
Soon after that.
I received a letter that said...
she'd fallen ill.
From there...
it didn't take long.
Isn't it strange?
It's been so long since she left us...
but I still remember her...
...so vividly.
I'm so glad to see her again
before I forget everything...
[crying]
Is that you?
[♪ sentimental music playing]
[music fades]
You good?
[phone ringing]
Hey. I need to make a call.
So. I'll...
I'll go on ahead.
- Hey. Um...
- [Tada] Where are you?
- I'm in Amakusa.
- What? Where?
I'm with Kikuo. He's fine.
How can you be so stupid?
You kidnapped our client!
- I didn't kidnap him.
- You took him from his home.
No. he asked for something.
and I gave it to him.
Isn't...
Isn't that what we do?
Fulfillment.
It wasn't your choice to make.
No. it was his.
If one word of this gets out.
my business is gone.
- Do you understand that?
- You're a hypocrite.
You talk about helping people.
and you act like
you're saving them
when you're actually
hurting them.
- What are you talking about?
- Aiko. the bruise on her face.
Now. that's on you.
How dare you.
Kikuo-san. Kikuo. Kikuo.
Kikuo. Kikuo-san.
Hey. hey. hey. Kikuo-san.
Fuck.
Kikuo-san.
[♪ ominous music playing]
Are you Mr. Vanderploeg?
Yes.
Could you come with us to the station?
[Tada] Yes. I understand but...
first of all. there's
a language barrier. right?
It's not a kidnapping.
This is a misunderstanding.
Okay.
Understood.
What did they say?
Kikuo is fine now. but Phillip...
If his innocence isn't proven
within 48 hours...
he will be sent for prosecution.
What do we do?
Try the US embassy?
I'll call my lawyer friend.
There's nothing we can do.
But if we don't do anything.
he gets deported!
Exactly.
Listen. he kidnapped our client.
Are you serious right now?
It doesn't matter what we think.
that's how people will see it.
Who cares what people think!
We have to do something!
Is this your company?
I'm the one that has to
take responsibility!
So we abandon him?
Don't you have work to do?
[doorbell rings]
[husband] Come in.
[sighs]
When did you start
seeing my husband?
Seven months ago.
Did you know we have children?
No.
She came on to me.
I wouldn't date someone like her.
Don't just stand there. Apologize!
[speaks Japanese]
You're such a piece of shit.
Ma'am...
I never slept with your husband.
I'm just an actor.
Your husband.
he doesn't even have the balls
to bring his real mistress.
So he hired me to apologize
to you instead.
That's a lie!
Are you crazy?!
[laughs]
Listen to me.
You deserve better.
[husband speaking Japanese]
- [husband yelps]
- [wife shouting]
[sighs]
[♪ pensive music playing]
[Tada] Hello. Rental Family...
I can't do this anymore. I quit.
[in Japanese] I'm back.
Welcome home!
You're early tonight.
What are you studying?
Science.
Guess what?
Beef was on sale today.
Hope you like it.
What's wrong?
It's too strong...
the way you gripped my shoulders.
I'm sorry.
Can we start again from the top?
Yes. of course!
I'm back.
Wow. you're early tonight.
Welcome home.
Hey.
What are you studying?
Science.
Come on. try something different.
I'm sorry.
No. it's fine.
What am I doing...
You can go home now.
Understood.
Sorry.
Excuse us.
[door opens. closes]
[birds squawking]
[sighs]
[Hitomi] Mia.
[footsteps receding]
[doorbell rings]
[Ogawa in Japanese] Hello?
Sorry to bother you.
I'm Tajima from Yashiro Law Firm.
And I'm Terasaki.
Is Mr. Kikuo Hasegawa home?
[Ogawa] He's resting right now.
What's this regarding?
It's about Mr. Vanderploeg.
We need to speak with
Mr. Hasegawa. if possible?
[Ogawa] Please wait a moment.
[both] Thank you.
I'm gonna puke.
- Take deep breaths.
- Okay.
[exhales deeply]
Excuse us.
Please wait here.
Thank you.
[doorbell rings]
Hello. who is it?
I'm detective Kinoshita
from Kitakamakura police department.
I'm here to discuss
Mr. Vanderploeg's case.
Is Mr. Kikuo Hasegawa available?
Yes.
Please wait a moment.
No problem.
[♪ tense music playing]
We're so dead.
We're gonna get arrested!
Calm down.
It's over!
Calm down!
Don't speak.
I'll take responsibility.
[♪ tense music continues]
[breathes heavily]
[♪ music stops]
[door closes]
I'm detective Kinoshita
from Kitakamakura police department.
Terasaki from Yashiro Law Firm.
I'm Tajima.
Pleasure.
Nice to meet you.
[Ogawa] This way. please.
[♪ tense music resumes]
[Ogawa] Sir.
you have visitors.
[Kikuo groans]
[doorbell rings]
[Aiko speaks Japanese]
[chuckles]
[in English]
You look like shit.
Hey. thanks for getting me out.
It wasn't just me.
What did Kikuo say?
That he forced you
to be his accomplice.
- He did? [laughs]
- [laughs]
[Aiko] And he told Masami-san
to drop the charges.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
So why did you do it?
I needed to help him.
But why take the risk?
[inhales]
Um...
My father died two years ago.
[sighs]
And. um...
I didn't go to the funeral.
Got on a train
and went to the airport...
[sighs]
I just...
just sat in the terminal.
[♪ somber music playing]
So I wanted to be there
for Kikuo.
[♪ somber music continues]
[Hitomi sobs]
[in Japanese] I'm sorry.
[sniffles]
I love you.
I'm sorry I lied to you.
[railway traffic light beeping]
Hello?
[in English] Hey.
[reporter in Japanese]
The actor. Mr. Kikuo Hasegawa
passed away last night
at his home in Kitakamakura.
He died peacefully
surrounded by his family.
He was eighty years old.
[Masami] My father started his
acting career as a teenager.
Performing in
over 100 productions.
he played
many roles in his career.
But in the end.
I will always remember him
as Dad.
[♪ sorrowful music playing]
See you again.
[in English] I will
see you again. my friend.
[lock clicks]
[engine starts]
[sighs]
Did you say goodbye?
Yeah. I did.
I am sorry for what I said.
I needed to hear it.
Come on.
[♪ hopeful music playing]
[birds chirping]
Hey. Mia.
Congratulations on
getting into school.
Is my mom paying you?
No. But I asked her
if I could visit you.
Why are you here?
I'm just here to talk.
I don't talk to strangers.
I can go. if you want.
Why do adults always lie?
It's because it's a lot easier
than telling the truth.
Sometimes they lie
to protect the people
that they care about.
but your mom never wanted
to hurt you.
You hurt me too.
And you promised you wouldn't.
I know.
I know. And I'm sorry.
We should've been
honest with you.
It's not fair.
I liked you being my dad.
Me too.
You know. you could have
told me you were famous.
I'm not famous. [chuckles]
What's your real name?
I'm Phillip.
I'm Mia.
[♪ gentle music playing]
[bicycle bell rings]
Where... And how did you
get on that TV show?
[Phillip]
How'd I get on a TV show?
[speaking indistinctly]
[♪ hopeful music playing]
[speaking Japanese]
Yes. please send my regards to
your grandmother. too.
Yes. Thank you.
Could you please review this?
Mr. Isoda. thank you for waiting.
Hi everyone.
[phone rings]
Rental Family.
Okay.
I'm sorry. we don't offer
"Apology Services" anymore.
Good luck.
- [phone rings]
- [Aiko] Hello. Rental Family.
Yes. may I take your name?
I'm off.
[♪ hopeful music continues]
[♪ music fades]
[object clatters]
- [♪ mysterious music plays]
- [leaves rustle]
[chuckles]
[♪ uplifting music playing]
RENTAL FAMILY
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm